Volume Controller is basically an idea for the next generation PCs and Laptop its basically use is to reduce the volume using hands. Earlier when there was Microsoft Professional XP OS in that the user have to increase and decrease
the volume with the help of mouse that he needs to take the icon at the taskbar in extreme right and manage the volume. Later on, Function Key or F comes in and this 12 Function key contributes to manage 25-30% work in PC
and Laptop

F1- Help regarding the OS
F2 – Brightness Minimum
F3 – Brightness Maximum
F4 – To Project your Laptop Screen
F5 – To turn on the light of keyboard(optional)
F6 – Mute
F7 – Volume Down
12
F8 – Volume Up
F9 – To go Backward while watching video
F10 – To Pause and Play
F11 – To go Forward while watching video
F12 – Airplane Mode

But this project can set a base for future computer and laptop because as AI and Technology is growing, we can think in future that our hands can also contribute to control the computer not fully but partially as of initial phase.
So, this is basically an idea which tries to connect real-time technology.

The current system which is used to manage the volume via the function key which is F6, F7 & F8. 
It has been used since many years and has become most important part in PCs and Laptop. But we usual know Where there is pro, there is cons. 
The con of this system is sometimes when you use it, we can’t see the indicator. 
Some times when we update the PC pressing function key sometimes delay the monitor performance and also has an impact on graphic card.
To minimize the limitation, we introduce this project which we actless lag in the system. Press Windows logo + A. You’ll see the volume
indicator and then run this project in the respective IDLE. And you’ll see that volume is moving Sometimes we can cross check with function key. 
But this process is the easiest way to check the volume. 
And control it with the hands of user which was just an imagination and was shown in fictional movies. 
But this project can set the base of this idea and help the developers to make it available in the PCs and Laptop.
